Updating codelab (#4247)
flutter/website: src/docs/get-started/codelab.md

you can complete this tutorial. You don’t need
previous experience with Dart, mobile, or web programming.

This codelab is part 1 of a two-part codelab.

> You can find [part 2][] on [Google Developers Codelabs][].
> We also maintain a copy of [part 1][] on that site, as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find [part 2][] on [Google Developers Codelabs][]
(as well as a copy of this codelab, [part 1][]).
```

Reviewer: Looks like I didn't incorporate these changes. I've opened #4253 to do so.

  This codelab assumes Android Studio,
  but you can use your preferred editor.

  You can run this codelab by using any of the following devices:

  * A physical device ([Android][] or [iOS][]) connected to your
    computer and set to developer mode
  * The [iOS simulator][] (requires installing Xcode tools)
  * The [Android emulator][] (requires setup in Android Studio)
  * A browser (Chrome is required for debugging)
{{site.alert.end}}

If you want to compile your app to run on the web,
you must enable this feature (which is currently in beta).
To enable web support, use the following instructions:

```terminal
$ flutter channel beta
$ flutter upgrade
$ flutter config --enable-web
```

You need only run the config command once.

> After enabling web support, every Flutter app you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you enable web support, every Flutter app you
```

  Flutter offers a rich set of Material widgets.
* The `main()` method uses arrow (`=>`) notation.
  Use arrow notation for one-line functions or methods.

> * The app extends `StatelessWidget` which, makes the app itself a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The app extends `StatelessWidget`, which makes the app itself a
```

  the class is missing a build method. Next, you'll add a basic
  build method that generates the word pairs by moving the
  word generation code from `MyApp` to `_RandomWordsState`.
</li>

<li markdown="1"> Remove the word generation code from `MyApp`
  by making the changes shown in the following diff:

  <?code-excerpt path-base="codelabs/startup_namer"?>
  <?code-excerpt "{step2_use_package,step3_stateful_widget}/lib/main.dart" to="}"?>
  ```diff
--- step2_use_package/lib/main.dart
+++ step3_stateful_widget/lib/main.dart
@@ -10,7 +10,6 @@
 class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
   @override
   Widget build(BuildContext context) {
-    final wordPair = WordPair.random();
     return MaterialApp(
       title: 'Welcome to Flutter',
       home: Scaffold(
@@ -18,8 +17,8 @@
           title: Text('Welcome to Flutter'),
         ),
         body: Center(
-          child: Text(wordPair.asPascalCase),
+          child: RandomWords(),
         ),
       ),
     );
   }
  ```

<li markdown="1"> Restart the app.
  The app should behave as before, displaying a word
  pairing each time you hot reload or save the app.
</li>

{{site.alert.tip}}

>   If you see a warning on a hot reload that you might
>   need to restart the app, you should consider restarting
>   the app. It might be a false positive, but restarting ensures
>   that your changes are reflected in the app's UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you see a warning on a hot reload that you might
  need to restart the app, consider restarting it.
  The warning might be a false positive, but
  restarting your app ensures that
  your changes are reflected in the app's UI.
```
